# React Input Trigger Contributing Guide

Before submitting your contribution, please take a moment and read through the following guidelines.

- [Pull Request Guidelines](#pull-request-guidelines)
- [Development Setup](#development-setup)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)

## Pull Request Guidelines

- All development would require you to just edit the contents of `src`. Please do not modify the contents of `/build`, or `/docs` directly. `/build` will always be generated by the maintainers before publishing to npm, and `/docs` is generated automatically on publish from `/src/docs`.

- A preferred convention for branch names is `<task-type>/<description>`. For example:
  - `bugfix/missing-props`
  - `feature/handle-refs`

- As for commit guidelines on your branch, do not fret! 🙂 The commits will be squash merged by the maintainers before merging to `master`.

- Make sure `npm run lint` passes. This command runs [eslint](https://eslint.org/) to enforce the code-style conventions.

- Make sure `npm run test` passes. This will check if the package can be built correctly without build errors.

- If there are any changes to the dependencies, please make sure to use `npm` rather than `yarn` and that your changes are reflected in both the `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files.

- If adding a new feature:
  - Describe your use-case / need for the feature, so that we can understand the scenario better.
  - Preferably raise a suggestion issue, so that we can have a discussion before you start working on the PR. 👩‍💻

- If fixing a bug:
  - Reference any open/closed github issues related to this bug.
  - Provide detailed description of the bug in the PR. Live demo preferred. 🚀

## Development Setup

You will need [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) **version 6+**

After cloning the repo, run:

``` bash
$ npm install
```

**Note: If you're using `yarn`, just make sure you aren't committing the yarn lockfile.**

### Committing Changes

There is a `pre-commit` hook that runs the linter to check for code style. Please make sure that any issues that come up during this linter check are fixed when raising the Pull Request.

### Commonly used NPM scripts

``` bash
# Runs the example project in `/src/docs`, using webpack-dev-server.
# Use this demo sandbox to test your changes. It has HMR out of the box!
$ npm start

# Check for linting issues.
# This command will also auto-fix some common issues.
$ npm run lint

# Tests if the package can be built correctly without errors.
$ npm test
```

## Project Structure

- **src**
  - **index.js**: This is the main `<InputTrigger />` component source.
  - **docs**: This is the code pertaining to the demo project.

- **build**

  This contains the production builds of the component. **Do not edit this directly**

- **docs**

  This is the production example for the component. **Do not edit this directly**

## Credits

This file has been adapted from the awesome folks at Vuejs: [VueJS's Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/vuejs/vue/blob/dev/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
